Ji Jialin
You come out
Second time
How dare you make fun of me?
When did I make fun of you? You returned the marriage yourself.
What happened to Li Mingyue?
What happened to Li Xiujiang who left just now?
That's my business.
It has nothing to do with you.
Let bygones be bygones.
From now on, there will be no connection between you and me
Are you gutsy?
How dare you talk to me like that?
Okay, I won't talk nonsense with you either.
Did you forget something?
What my banquet love
I didn't eat a bite of your food
Li Xiaoli, you know I'm trying to marry you
How many calls were made?
How many gold coins were issued?
Which one doesn't want to spend money on?
Oops, you give me 30,000 bucks
Our two-step blind date
I'll go right now
Whether you spend money or not is your own business.
It has nothing to do with me.
When will this guy dare to call me him?
Who gave him the courage?
Are you a fan? Are you okay?
It's okay to leave